# :fontawesome-solid-flask-vial: Implement Application

With our workflows already in place, let us build a simple application for deployment.

!!! warning "Ensure the workflows can be triggered"

    You may find that the workflow triggers had been commented out, which makes them invalid. Simply uncomment them to make the work.

## :material-numeric-1-circle: Create a new branch

As we are introducing a new feature into the project, we will begin work from an isolated feature branch. You may either do this through the [**Command Palette**](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/sourcecontrol/overview#_branches-and-tags) (++cmd+shift+p++ and key in _`Git: Create Branch`_) or from the terminal.

```bash
git checkout -b feature-app-script
```

It will automatically switch to the new branch.

## :material-numeric-2-circle: Implement `app/main.mjs`

```js
import confetti from "canvas-confetti";

document.getElementById("name").textContent = eval(
    `"${new URL(window.location.href).searchParams.get("name")}"`
);

const burstConfetti = confetti.bind(null, {
    particleCount: 250,
    spread: 360,
    origin: { x: 0.5, y: 0.5 },
    disableForReducedMotion: true,
});

burstConfetti();
const intervalID = setInterval(
    () => requestAnimationFrame(burstConfetti),
    1500
);
setTimeout(() => clearInterval(intervalID), 6000);
```

## :material-numeric-3-circle: Publish your changes

After you have made your changes, you need to publish your branch. This can be done by running following commands in your terminal:

```bash
git add .
git commit -m "Implement app script"
git push --set-upstream origin feature-app-script
```

Now that we have published our changes to a new branch, we have to create a Pull Request (PR) in order to start the process of our deployment.

## :material-numeric-4-circle: Create a pull request

A Pull Request (PR) is a way to tell others about the changes you've pushed to a branch in a repository on GitHub. Once a PR is opened, you can discuss and review the potential changes with collaborators and add follow-up commits before your changes are merged into the base branch. There are several ways to create a PR, but we will use the GitHub CLI for this.

Run following command in your terminal to create a new PR:

```bash
gh pr create --fill --base main --head feature-app-script
```

## :material-numeric-5-circle: Use Copilot Autofix to resolve vulnerability

GitHub Advanced Security should have surfaced a vulnerability in out implementation. Take advantage of Copilot Autofix to resolve the issue and then merge the pull request.

## :material-numeric-6-circle: Observe the workflows that were triggered by the merge.

Merging will trigger

- Versioning
- Release
- Deployment

You may observe respective workflow runs from the "Actions" tab of your repository. It is expected that the deployment will fail at `Azure` login, and we will address that in the next exercise.
